[docs] Update to docs regarding the `entry` keyword in Move (#21522)
MystenLabs/sui: docs/content/concepts/sui-move-concepts.mdx

- Addresses represent [Object IDs](#object-ids)
- Sui objects have [globally unique IDs](#global-unique)
- Sui has [module initializers](#module-initializers) (init)

> - Sui has unique usecases for the [`entry` keyword](#entry-functions)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Sui has unique use cases for the [`entry` keyword](#entry-functions)
```

As described in [Object-centric global storage](#global-storage), you publish Move modules into Sui storage. The Sui runtime executes a special initializer function you optionally define in a module only once at the time of module publication to pre-initialize module-specific data (for example, creating singleton objects). See [Module Initializer](https://move-book.com/programmability/module-initializer.html) in The Move Book for more information.

> ### Entry functions {#entry-functions}

Author: <img width="1135" alt="Screenshot 2025-03-17 at 14 07 19" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0280f519-5967-45b7-b2c5-65005f802015" />
I updated the link to point to the references page in the movebook

> ### Entry functions {#entry-functions}

Reviewer: My bad. I don't pay much attention to things.

> The `entry` keyword has a specific usecase in Move on Sui. Use `entry` when you want some functionality to be usable by anyone on chain, but not be wrapped around other Move logic. In other words, a function can be called in [PTBs](/concepts/transactions/prog-txn-blocks) but not in other Sui packages. For example, this is utilized when using Sui's on-chain randomness standard to prevent other smart contract engineers from creating logic to essentially front or back-run the randomness generation. Find more information about this in the [on-chain randomness page](/guides/developer/advanced/randomness-onchain.mdx#use-non-public-entry-functions). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `entry` keyword has a specific use case in Move on Sui. Use `entry` when you want some functionality to be usable by anyone on chain, but not be wrapped around other Move logic. In other words, a function can be called in [PTBs](/concepts/transactions/prog-txn-blocks) but not in other Sui packages. For example, this is utilized when using Sui's on-chain randomness standard to prevent other smart contract engineers from creating logic to essentially front- or back-run the randomness generation. Find more information about this in the [on-chain randomness page](/guides/developer/advanced/randomness-onchain.mdx#use-non-public-entry-functions). 
```
